oh this world this is gonna ruin the
Wolves can fly Oh she'll throw Club
rolls what up to change that guy to the
South a person guy yeah shell toe not
all of us can be lunching some like that
every choice all of us can wise whoa y
ou the poems guys remember oh yes I do
it was whatever we get all really angry
about because they dedicated about 10
minutes to it during e3 yes saying they
had an original series coming to
PlayStation 4 PlayStation Plus
subscribers yeah because you know TV has
no place even if you only spend a brief
amount of time on stage talking about
this cool new series that's going to be
exclusive to people on your system i'm
sorry i'm just ranting a little bit
because it just as soon as anything
that's not gaming happens that you can
right here i think they did spend too
much time on it though didn't they was
it like good news here's making the xbox
conference where they spent about our on
a 9 that was like 10 minutes and a guy
chemo and passionately talked about his
creation and so anyways it's based on a
comic book series that was created by
industry vets who are beloved for some
of the work in do you marvel I think
book created by best-selling writer
Brian Michael Bendis an artist michael
avon oeming powers of destroyers
homicide detective christian walker a
former superhero who lost his powers
under devastating circumpolar haunted by
his past Walker now investigates powers
related crimes with his fellow officers
in la's powers division all while trying
to come to terms with being
your real name is Walker like is in one
who walks because he can't fly anymore
my wings said in Los Angeles against
today's celebrity-obsessed culture and
24-hour news cycle powers takes place in
a world where everybody with a
superpower is searching for fame and
fortune huh so if you live in a universe
where the standard of greatness is you
can fly it's easy to see where those
would be you know venues to becoming
famous and the thing that superheroes
often don't have because they are a gram
by definition superhuman they're often
physically invulnerable but in this show
they have all the vices and virtues of
regular mortal beings sign-in powers we
have a story where that guy and so he
has the ability to like just blink in
and out of anywhere he wants and he can
take anybody with them you send whoever
he takes with I'm always pubes because
it has like a weird effect on their body
but he's used to it have powers and they
nicely is it was it just like real he's
the main villain in at apparently
position where they have faced so some
people just do it if you weren't sold
before I mean this is pretty cool
concept done yeah i do spoof nah bro
yeah bro i thought they were busy at
first glance to tomorrow looks like us
Superman becomes a Monday type scenario
and he has to deal with it very Glenda's
being like kinda like wolfin and not
fables like that that's really neat I
like it yes I'm i'll give it a chance
when does it come out soon i think and
it's exclusive to PlayStation Plus so
like I mean we're in an exciting new era
where Netflix is making the original
series Playstations venue and you know
Xbox is making them for a quantum break
and halo original series so x pen the in
the end everybody who's just ready to
gobble all this up for the winners